hey guys welcome to my channel my
apartment is going through
transformation because you need to
transform your environment in order to
transform your life because environment
is something that makes you work and I
really want my cabinet slash studio
slash study to make us work work work
work work let me show you what it looks
like right now
[Music]
so this is where I film my videos I said
here but I was the one to buy like a
beautiful lamp and maybe like a table to
put my new flower on top the flowers in
the living room I want to get rid of
half of the things that I hear because
they're not mine my aunt's she's coming
to pick them up in a week
this is Dimitri's racing simulator but
it's so cluttered actually it occupies a
little less space and it's gonna go in
the living room and here we're gonna get
a desk and a chair it's gonna be
economic beautiful this is my camera and
I'm gonna change it for a new one so
everything is getting a change let's do
it again and Mark four 5d I found it
yesterday and it was yes I think this is
the cheapest that though that was it
your order was placed I would need to
buy a Borderlands 15 millimeter and 2470
lens are you gonna see the difference
it's a different color it's different
vibe a different camera the total
investment in my channel is $3,300
that's a camera two lenses and spare
batteries everything's gonna arrive on
Friday Sunday today so starting next
week the videos will be for better
quality super happy you're witnessing
the progress guys this is our living
room our table has just arrived
Dimitri's applying all of his knowledge
to assemble everything like Lego game
you know
is it legal in English will you go
everyone's a replica on Legos but yeah
this is racing thing is gonna go over
there it's good to take him oh wow
meanwhile I'm gonna clean the living
room flowers and water and just some
like basic stuff here okay look what I
got here this is my recording studio
aka living room my camera has arrived
it's the new camera so if you watch me
like my talkie had videos where it just
sit down I would sit down right here I
just got this easel with a notepad and
some sharpies so I can write things down
what I'm teaching you guys English or
teaching you anything else I think this
place makes me super productive because
I can just sit down get into this mode
of like recording yeah so I decided to
keep these two rooms separate for the
next couple months at least so this is
gonna be the recording studio so that
Dimitri can work in the study at the
same time I have my life camera so
everything is set here unfortunately no
no place for hanging out with friends
but we have like a lot of co-working
spaces in the building let me now show
you the study but first I'm gonna clean
the table and then you're gonna get the
whole tour
[Music]
this is it this is my desk I would say I
spent around one hour a day here my
office work has been reduced in the past
couple years because I try to focus on
being more creative creating more videos
for you guys and so mostly my office
work is now communicating with the team
and I like to do it with my phone as
well
but whenever I met my desk I am so so
happy now because I got the smartest
desk there is on the market just let me
show you something so it has a few
buttons and it goes up so I can work
standing like for example if I'm too
tired of sitting and I know a lot of
people actually do that if you have to
sit for the whole day you just stand up
and do you work like this which helps
your blood flow helps your health and
then if you just want to sit down you go
all the way down full disclaimer I got
this chair and this table for free just
because I'm an influencer but I wasn't
paying anything extra I actually really
wanted this table and chair and my
camera guy from LA he has the same and
he highly recommended it so I decided to
reach out to those guys and yeah they
provided me with the desk and the chair
but what they also did they provided you
with a chair so they gave me a free
chair to give to one of my followers
what we're gonna do now can you please
share in comments below what is your um
study room productivity tip that helps
you focus on things that helps you stay
concentrated on whatever you do so we're
waiting for your comments below the
company is gonna select the best one so
please share whatever it works for you
and I'm gonna share what works for me so
I am trying to have
as few things as possible on my desk
these are the books that my husband is
currently reading I mostly read on iPad
or my iPhone using apps or wedding
photos just super nice oh yes you're
wondering what this is my husband is a
race driver so he needs to train at home
I don't like how this whole construction
looks like because it spoils the view as
well as the whole set but um yeah family
life whatever so yeah I tried to have as
few things as possible because whenever
you have oh this is the wind by the way
so it doesn't blow your way guys having
as few things as possible on your desk
helps you focus a lot basically like tip
number one is actually have this
separate environment for your work for
your studies because I used to work in
my living room you saw this beautiful
table with a view and stuff but the
thing is is so close well it's in the
same place as the kitchen so I would
work for 20 minutes and then I would be
like oh maybe I should get some tea
maybe I should get some coffee maybe
it's just start cooking lunch and
whenever I'm here I just shut the door
and I don't see the things that actually
distract me so this is super helpful and
yeah I know it depends on whether you
have too much space in your apartment or
not but I read this book called the
essentialism and the guy there actually
tells to have a separate place for
meditation which again I like you to
have like a lot of spaces in my house so
I just go to the gym separate place for
working which is gonna be this study
separate place for filming and now I
realize this is like the best thing I've
done for my youtube because I can just
sit down without setting up all the
cameras and everything it's everything
is already there I just set up lights
depending on the weather outside and I
just start shooting but I would also
love to have a second location for my
videos and the center
gonna be here right now it's just a
white wall you've probably seen some
videos already he's sitting on the sofa
but I'm working on the wall so what I'm
gonna do I have all those YouTube
buttons right here in a day or so I'm
gonna hit 1 million followers on my
another channel so I'm gonna have two of
those two of those in two of those and
they are gonna go all the way on this
wall I'm also getting like a neon light
linguae trip logo and like a linguist
rep name so it's gonna be here and I
might also get some plans I want to get
rid of that lamb and have a small table
here so I can put a plant on top oh yeah
this is a game changer as well this is a
cordless vacuum cleaner so you can take
it with you and like clean whatever you
want in your apartment yeah this is my
massage table fortunately it doesn't fit
anywhere else
but I'm getting massages like weekly or
once in two weeks this again helps with
productivity a lot yesterday I had a day
with super low energy and because again
I'm working from home and I think this
is the future and stuff I just decided
that yesterday would be my day off and
then I would work on the weekend because
again I felt really low felt really tied
little depressed and I just called him
the massage red all day and today I'm
full of energy recording this video for
you guys also working on my courses side
so a lot of stuff going on after you
gave yourself some rest remember how I
was talking about how you need a
delegate stuff in order to focus on your
superpower
so I'm actually have a cleaning lady who
comes to my place every week to clean of
course I clean myself every day just to
make sure because I don't like when
everything is cluttered but look how the
apartment looks like after it's been
cleaned nice and shiny the flower that I
got yesterday it's gonna go right there
but the rest is the way it should be
I have also started asking her to cook
for us and because she's Russian and
she's cooking us Russian borscht this
one's gonna be cold like you eat it cold
and this is I know what it is I don't
know even how to explain it it's meat
wrapped in cabbage so everything is
really healthy organic nice stuff and
saves me a lot of time cuz otherwise I
just ordered post mace which is not the
best they deliver hot food in plastic
and you don't get good soups and I just
like homemade food sometimes I cook
myself today I cook myself and my last
but not the least advice I think it's
the most important thing in your life
you got to figure it out I figured it
out already for myself but sometimes
it's a little tough to implement it so
basically it's very simple if you enjoy
something you do it you double down on
it and you just focus on that thing if
you don't like something you try to
delegate it I know it's hard to delegate
if you're tight on cash or something
it's hard to delegate if you have to
study and if you have those subjects
that you university that you hate
unfortunately my advice with studying
just get through with it like you have
to well if this is my approach again I
told myself I just have to graduate I
just have to get all of those good
grades because I was going to apply to
10 American University I wanted to get a
scholarship so I don't mess up okay
marina just get through this time you
know just study and do it so I just
tried to make my environment as
inspiring as possible I had all of those
stickers and all the photos from the UK
and the United States to inspire me
every day I had them on my desk so this
is something that can help you but if
you're working already and if you find
some tasks that really depress you it
can even be a small task what I noticed
yesterday I don't like working with my
mail it takes seven minutes a day but
it's just so it's frustrating it's just
you know doing the same thing all over
again answering the same questions and
what I realized it doesn't matter
how long it takes if you don't like it
then do something with it because you
know my mood stays down after doing that
for a couple of hours so it actually
effects a very productive part of my day
same with people if you think that
somebody takes just two two or three
minutes to communicate with but you
don't like them then cross them out of
your life because they're not just
affecting those two minutes they are
affecting under two hours three hours
sometimes I wake up in the middle of the
night and I just start thinking about
the person who's annoying me so much and
I'm like wow this is affecting me a lot
that was just five minutes of
communication so think about it I know
it's not something that you can do
immediately and I made this resolution
for myself a year ago that I'm gonna try
and get rid of things that I don't like
in my life but I'm still doing it it's
not a thing you're gonna call bush in a
day I hope I planted the seed in your
heads and I hope you know how to
continue and I hope you have some ideas
on how to become more productive happier
with your life remember we only have one
life
our goal is to do things that we love
not just live through this life and you
know do whatever people expect us to do
that's it that was it for me guys thank
you so much for watching this video and
I'm waiting for your productivity tips
waiting for your comments below we're
gonna select the winner really sir then
you get again the same cheer if you win
I will see you in the next lingo marina
videos bye